docs: add a FAQ about precision (#2115)
deepmodeling/deepmd-kit: doc/troubleshooting/precision.md

# Why does a model have low precision?

Many phenomena are caused by model accuracy.
For example, during simulations, temperatures explode, structures fall apart, and atoms are lost.
One can [test the model](../test/test.md) to confirm whether the model has the enough accuracy.

There are many reasons for a low-quality model.
Some common reasons are listed below.

## Data

### Data units and signs

The unit of training data should follow what is listed in [data section](../data/system.md).
Usually, the package to calculate the training data has different units from those of the DeePMD-kit.
It is noted that some software label the energy gradient as forces, instead of the negative energy gradient.
It is neccessary to check them carefully to avoid inconsistent data.

> ### SCF coverage and data accuracy

Reviewer: We may also want to discuss the convergence of dft data with respect to energy cutoff and k-space sampling.

Author: Sorry I am not familiar with the plane wave. Maybe you can revise it by yourself...

The accuracy of models will not exceed the accuracy of training data, so the training data should reach enough accuracy.

> On one hand, SCF should converge to a suitable threshold for all points in the training data.
> Sometimes, QM software may generate unstable outliers, which should be removed.
> On the other hand, the data should be extracted with enough digits and stored with the proper precision.
> Large energies may have low precision when they are stored as the single-precision floating-point format (FP32).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is a checklist for the accuracy of data:
- SCF should converge to a suitable threshold for all points in the training data.
- The convergence of the energy, force and virial with respect to the energy cutoff and k-spacing sample is checked. 
- Sometimes, QM software may generate unstable outliers, which should be removed.
- The data should be extracted with enough digits and stored with the proper precision. Large energies may have low precision when they are stored as the single-precision floating-point format (FP32).
```

### Enough data

If the model performs good on the training data, but has bad accuracy on another data, this means some data space is not covered by the training data.
It can be validated by evaluting the [model deviation](../test/model-deviation.md) with multiple models.
If the model deviation of these data is high for some data, try to collect more data using [DP-GEN](../third-party/out-of-deepmd-kit.md#dp-gen).

### Values of data

One should be aware that the errors of some data is also affected by the absolute values of this data.
Stable structures tend to be more precise than unstable structures because unstable structures may have larger forces.

> This is the expected behavior and does not mean that the precision of the model is low.

Reviewer: Error will be introduced in the Projector augmented wave (PAW) dft calculations when the atoms are very close due to the overlap of pseudo-potentials.
